README.md, before:

# rwm

Inspired by Spoons [rmm][1]. This is a cross-platform Mod Manager for RimWorld intended to work with macOS, linux and Windows

Up to now, you must have `steamcmd` installed and available within your `PATH`.



# Current features demo:

![Example](./media/Demo1.svg)



## Installation
Make sure you have `steamcmd` installed and available within your `PATH`. Check Section [`Install steamcmd`][2]

This program is installable with `cargo`. Install `rust` along with `cargo` [here][3].

To install run:

	cargo install --git https://github.com/AOx0/rwm


<br/><br/> 
## Install  `steamcmd`
Information extracted from [SteamCMD website][4]

### \> macOS
You can install  `steamcmd` via [Homebrew][5] with:

	brew install steamcmd

Or with the following command, which requires you to manually add it to the `PATH`.

	curl -sqL "https://steamcdn-a.akamaihd.net/client/installer/steamcmd_osx.tar.gz" | tar zxvf -


### \> Windows
1. Create a folder for SteamCMD. For example:

	C:\steamcmd

2. Download SteamCMD for Windows: [https://steamcdn-a.akamaihd.net/client/installer/steamcmd.zip][6]
3. Extract the contents of the zip to the folder.

### \> Linux
You can install it via:

	sudo apt install steamcmd

 **Note**: 	If you are using a 64 bit machine you will need to add multiverse

	sudo add-apt-repository multiverse
	sudo dpkg --add-architecture i386
	sudo apt update
	sudo apt install lib32gcc1 steamcmd 

# To do
Available [here][7]

[1]:	https://github.com/Spoons/rmm "rmm"
[2]:	https://github.com/AOx0/rwm#install--steamcmd
[3]:	https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install
[4]:	https://developer.valvesoftware.com/wiki/SteamCMD "SteamCMD website"
[5]:	https://brew.sh "Homebrew"
[6]:	https://steamcdn-a.akamaihd.net/client/installer/steamcmd.zip
[7]:	https://github.com/AOx0/rwm/projects/1

Commit message:

Add Configuration section to README.md

README.md, after:

# rwm

Inspired by Spoons [rmm][1]. This is a cross-platform Mod Manager for RimWorld intended to work with macOS, linux and Windows

Up to now, you must have `steamcmd` installed and available within your `PATH`.



# Current features demo:

![Example][image-1]



## Installation
Make sure you have `steamcmd` installed and available within your `PATH`. Check Section [`Install steamcmd`][2]

This program is installable with `cargo`. Install `rust` along with `cargo` [here][3].

To install run:

	cargo install --git https://github.com/AOx0/rwm


## Configuration
`rwm` automatically changes its default configuration with the flags you use while calling it.
For example, non-standard game paths are automatically remembered by `rwm` once you specify it with the flag `-g` (`--game-path`).

The configuration file is available in `$USER_HOME/.rwm/config` on macOS, Linux, and Windows with a JSON format. 

Auto-saved config:
	--game-path -g		Specify the game path where it's installed.
	--no-more 			Do not wrap output with `more` when searching locally or in steam. [Available with `rwm list`] 


<br/><br/> 
## Install `steamcmd`
Information extracted from [SteamCMD website][4]

### \> macOS
You can install `steamcmd` via [Homebrew][5] with:

	brew install steamcmd

Or with the following command, which requires you to manually add it to the `PATH`.

	curl -sqL "https://steamcdn-a.akamaihd.net/client/installer/steamcmd_osx.tar.gz" | tar zxvf -


### \> Windows
1. Create a folder for SteamCMD. For example:

	C:\steamcmd

2. Download SteamCMD for Windows: [https://steamcdn-a.akamaihd.net/client/installer/steamcmd.zip][6]
3. Extract the contents of the zip to the folder.

### \> Linux
You can install it via:

	sudo apt install steamcmd

 **Note**: 	If you are using a 64 bit machine, you will need to add multiverse

	sudo add-apt-repository multiverse
	sudo dpkg --add-architecture i386
	sudo apt update
	sudo apt install lib32gcc1 steamcmd 

# To do
Available [here][7]

[1]:	https://github.com/Spoons/rmm "rmm"
[2]:	https://github.com/AOx0/rwm#install--steamcmd
[3]:	https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install
[4]:	https://developer.valvesoftware.com/wiki/SteamCMD "SteamCMD website"
[5]:	https://brew.sh "Homebrew"
[6]:	https://steamcdn-a.akamaihd.net/client/installer/steamcmd.zip
[7]:	https://github.com/AOx0/rwm/projects/1

[image-1]:	./media/Demo1.svg
